refactor Cloud SQL samples (#3952)
GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples: cloud-sql/mysql/sqlalchemy/README.md

export DB_PASS='<DB_PASSWORD>'
export DB_NAME='<DB_NAME>'
```
Note: Saving credentials in environment variables is convenient, but not secure - consider a more

> secure solution such as [Cloud KMS](https://cloud.google.com/kms/) to help keep secrets safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secure solution such as [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/overview) to help keep secrets safe.
```

$env:DB_PASS="<DB_PASSWORD>"
$env:DB_NAME="<DB_NAME>"
```
Note: Saving credentials in environment variables is convenient, but not secure - consider a more

> secure solution such as [Cloud KMS](https://cloud.google.com/kms/) to help keep secrets safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secure solution such as [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/overview) to help keep secrets safe.
```

export DB_PASS='<DB_PASSWORD>'
export DB_NAME='<DB_NAME>'
```
Note: Saving credentials in environment variables is convenient, but not secure - consider a more

> secure solution such as [Cloud KMS](https://cloud.google.com/kms/) to help keep secrets safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
secure solution such as [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager/docs/overview) to help keep secrets safe.
```
